README.md, before:

🎮 The Game Fixer

Fix your games. Fix your fun.

<p align="center"> <b>A modern website built for <i>The Game Fixer</i> business.</b><br/> Designed to showcase services, attract gamers, and deliver a smooth, professional web presence. </p>
✨ Overview

The Game Fixer is a business website I created for a friend’s gaming repair and troubleshooting service. The site highlights the company’s offerings, provides an engaging user experience, and reflects a modern, gamer-friendly design.

This project is more than just a website—it’s a digital showcase of web development, design, and performance optimization skills.

🌟 Features

🎨 Clean & Modern UI – simple, bold, and user-focused.

📱 Fully Responsive – works across desktop, tablet, and mobile.

⚡ Optimized Performance – lightweight, fast, and reliable.

🧩 Clear Service Showcasing – sections that explain what The Game Fixer does.

✨ Interactive Touches – smooth scrolling, animations, and hover effects.

🛠️ Tech Stack
Layer	Tools & Frameworks
Frontend	React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
Deployment	Vercel
Design	Figma + custom components

🌐 Live Demo

👉 Visit the live site here: The Game Fixer Website

📖 About This Project

This project represents:

A real-world client project built to professional standards.

My ability to transform business needs into digital solutions.

A showcase of my frontend development, design, and deployment skills.

Commit message:

Revise README for The Game Fixer project
Updated the README to provide a clearer overview of The Game Fixer website, including its purpose, features, and technologies used.

README.md, after:

🎮 The Game Fixer

A sleek website made for The Game Fixer business.

This is a showcase of the website I built for my friend’s business, The Game Fixer, a service dedicated to helping gamers troubleshoot and fix issues with their games. The website highlights the business’s services, provides an intuitive interface for users, and reflects a modern, professional web design.

🌟 Project Overview

The goal of this project was to create a responsive, engaging, and visually appealing website that would showcase The Game Fixer’s services while providing a smooth experience for visitors.

Key highlights of the project:

Modern UI Design: Clean, user-friendly interface with attention to detail.

Responsive Layout: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.

Showcase of Services: Clear sections to display business offerings and information.

Interactive Elements: Smooth scrolling, animations, and hover effects for a dynamic feel.

Fast and Lightweight: Optimized for performance and quick loading.

🎨 Technologies & Tools Used

Frontend: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, HTML, CSS, JavaScript

Deployment: Vercel

Design: Figma / Custom UI components

🌐 Live Demo

👉 Visit the live site here: The Game Fixer Website

📖 About This Project

This project represents:

A real-world client project built to professional standards.

My ability to transform business needs into digital solutions.

A showcase of my frontend development, design, and deployment skills.
